When we Jesuses were created we were told to spread the word so we made this bible.



Devil dog 1:1
The story of George Washington:

So when America became real while George Washington was building America with his bare hands, he dug up a devil dog, and then it sent a beam of light and the devil dog talked to him:
Devil dog: Thank you for freeing me now I will help you kill British
George: Thank you! 
Later George and the Devil Dog won the war in Britain and made America.



Kumalala 1:2
Story of the Pyramids:

The reason there are so many pyramids is that the inti-imposter trapped AMB in a giant bubble in the sky, so they had to keep building pyramids to pop it. Finally, they popped it and got Amongus back, Garrett and Tre were also trapped but they were saved.



Kumalala 1:3
Story of the wall of China:

AMB was hitting the slay button, but then the inti imposter started attacking, so he had to build the wall. But when he left it, China took it.



Garfield 1:4
Story of Garfield:

He was just a cat who hated Monday but loved lasagna. He seemed pretty cool, so he became a god.



Devil dog 1:5
Story of what happens when you die:

You get teleported into a blank room with your stats showing on screen with the Hawaiian breeze song in the background, then you meet AMB and he judges you on your actions then he decides if you go to AMB heaven or hell.



Kumalala 1:6
Story of Kumalala:

King Charles asked for a new dog because he gave AMB some toaster tarts. It took AMB millions of years to create Kumalala but it took 1 day in human time (he could have done it instantly but he didn’t feel like it) then Kumalala came down from the sky with lightning coming out of his paws he declared that he was the latest god and slowly lowered into King Charles lap.



Devil dog 1:7
Story of the hidden tribe:

Susapolous wasn’t an ordinary tribe of people. They were sus but more than usual, there resided King Sussy and his merry men of crewmates. They were a relatively unknown tribe until Moses parted the Red Sea. They went up and said he abused AMB’s power and generosity; he ended up killing Moses and the other people. Soon everyone knew of Susapolous and it became a common thing to never act like you worship another god around them because they won’t like that. They speak in emojis, an ancient language created long before the tribe, soon everything went to chaos, and King Sussy no longer followed his morals so his former “merry men” used AMB to sink his town to remove him from this earth. The merry men couldn’t believe King Sussy would kill people of the AMB religion so they killed themselves too, so they could torment King Sussy in hell. People think Susapolous is “Atlantas” but it’s blasphemy. Where were me and Tre in all this? And how did Moses get AMB’s power in the first place? Well Garrett and Tre were in bubbles while this was happening and Moses on June 9th saw AMB in his mortal form and struck a deal to get water bending for some toaster tarts.



Green green girls 1:8
Story of Green green girls:

So there was this group of girls and they were normal, until they became green from a painting incident, then a song writer made a song about them that was so good they became a god.



Kumalala 1:9
Story of how AMB got addicted to Toaster tarts and why he didn’t just force himself to not like them:

The reason why AMB got addicted is when he was chilling for infinite and infinite years without anyone, he was hungry so he made toaster tarts to sooth his needs, he got super addicted so when he ate so much he got so gassy that he made the biggest fart ever which created everything in existence, by this time Garrett and Tre were already created so they told AMB to no longer eat them UNLESS they were given to him as a gift, or a trade. AMB agreed so that's why he takes so many offers for them. Recently we undid the rule and just made him hate them instead of love them, after this he said “Why didn't we do this in the first place?” And Garrett said “idk.”



Morgan Ellis 1:10
Story of Morgan Ellis:

Morgan Ellis was a normal human, young in fact, until he saw a BTD6 video by “HBOMB” and saw his outlandish strategy, he commented about it and when he clicked post he got the powers of a god for BTD6, he is now the best player ever and gets a 0.1 second record on every boss timed event, only uses 1 dollar and beats chimps round 1e+683 rounds, and he is now a god. 




Amongus 1:11
The story of AMB:

One day AMB became real, he had a big fart, the big bang. Then Garrett and Tre created gods one of them being: The inti-imposter, he gained many powers until he betrayed AMB and came down and started destroying the world all the Gods, AMB, Garrett, and, Tre defeated him. He still comes back and possesses things to annoy AMB. We pray every night at 3 am and drink sus juice at the middle school cafeteria to pay homage to AMB. After we defeated the inti-imposter we sealed its soul in king tut’s tomb (even though it says king tut is supposed to be King butt) when the British came to Egypt and raided the pyramids the soul escaped the tomb to terrorize Earth for the rest of time.



Aahhahahah duck 1:12
Story of Aahhahahah duck:

So this duck had such an angelic voice and was capable of singing a voice that can drown out evil so Aahhahahah duck became a god, and so far they have done much good for the world, like unpossessing people with just a Aahhahahah.




Blue ice cream 1:13	
Story of Blue ice cream:

A mythical type of ice cream that can only be found on Tatooine and can be only eaten while sitting on a rock, truly an insane sight to see, but when it wasn’t a god, it was just a tasty treat that Phinias and Ferb loved to eat.



Bennty 1:14
Story of Bennty:

A man so minimalistic, no one besides AMB can beat his minimalism and he is the best gorilla tag player. EVER. Critics once reviewed his game and this is what they had to say “I recently played a minimalist game that blew me away. Despite its seemingly simple appearance, I found myself fully immersed in its world. The lack of handholding and strict rules allowed me to explore the game in ways I never thought possible. It was a truly unique and unforgettable gaming experience that I give a resounding 5-star rating. It is astounding how much effort was put into this game, and I can't wait to see these novice coders' new games. I wish you the best of luck Benny_brock!” This insane human was the little brother to Tre in Tres 1303156231489345th lifetime. Bennty already had godly powers as he was a sibling to a jesus, the son to Mr boom (AKA Mr. Fume, Mr. Doom, Dom studio, Elite cameraman, Steak, Onett, and Minitoon) and also the son to Dattebayo, he was lucky at birth and all the combined powers gave him supreme minimalism and god status. No matter how big the stuff he makes is, no matter how cool he is, no one (besides AMB) will be more minimalistic than him.



Curious George 1:15
Story of Curious George:

One day Curious George was alone and void of people in his life, until the man in the yellow hat spotted him, and Curious George got curious, and when he did, he ripped the fabric of reality, so he went to a different earth exactly like his but not destroyed (our earth) and tries to limit his curiosity but sometimes he lets it out and natural disasters happen. His massive amounts of curiosity gains him god status, and we DO NOT talk about Super George. He gets close to Kumalala levels in power scale, luckily he is a good guy so he doesn't intentionally get too curious to be intimate or to be evil. (unless he is looking for a banana) The last time he was declined a banana, Pompeii fell.